Dear [their first name],

We would like to invite you to serve on the program committee of the 2nd
International Workshop on RESource DISaggregation in High-Performance
Computing (RESDIS 2022) to be held in conjunction with the 2022 International
Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis
(SC 2022).

The website of the previous edition of the workshop is as follows:

https://resdis.github.io/ws/2022/hpcasia/

The workshop focuses on resource disaggregation and composable systems in
high-performance computing. It is co-chaired by Balazs Gerofi from the RIKEN
Center for Computational Science, Japan, John Shalf from Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory, USA, and Keren Bergman from Columbia University, USA.

Your most important responsibility as a program committee member would be to
review paper submissions.  We expect no more than four paper reviews per PC
member.  We are using the Linklings conference management system.  There will
be no physical program committee meeting (workshop chairs will make acceptance
decisions based on the reviews and any follow-up discussions between reviewers
in Linklings).

Tentative timeline:

August 5th (Fri):      Submission deadline
September 2nd (Fri):   Reviews due
September 9th (Fri):   Acceptance notification
October 7th (Fri):     Final paper deadline
November 14th (Mon):   Workshop date (preferred)

We are strongly encouraging PC submissions and there is no limit on the
number of such submissions.  Once the Call for Papers is out, we will also
ask you to help solicit submissions from your collaborators and colleagues.

The workshop has not been publicly announced yet and the website for 2022 is
under construction.

Please respond to this invitation at your earliest convenience, but not later
than Wednesday, May 4th.

We look forward to hearing from you and hope that you will accept this
invitation.

Best regards,

Balazs Gerofi <bgerofi@riken.jp>
John Shalf <jshalf@lbl.gov>
Keren Bergman <bergman@ee.columbia.edu>

