Dear Author,

It is our pleasure to let you know that your paper:

SUBMISSION_TITLE

has been accepted for the 3rd International Workshop on RESource DISaggregation
in High-Performance Computing (RESDIS'23).  The decision was made based on the
feedback we have received through the peer review process.  The comments from
the reviewers can be found on the SC submissions website and will also be
included below.

The deadline for the final version of your paper is September 29th, there will
be no extensions made.  By the same deadline the publication rights form must
be also completed.  You should expect to receive a link from ACM to initiate
the copyright form around September 15th.

ACM will provide an option for authors to include auxiliary data (source code,
experimental data sets, etc.) alongside their papers.  The deadline for these
materials will be also September 29th.

Should you want to make any changes to the title or the list of authors of your
paper, we recommend that you make them ASAP.  In particular, you should ensure
that there are no discrepancies between any forms filled in from now on (be it
the copyright form or the next stage of submission on the SC website) and the
final version of the paper.

The final version of the paper should be uploaded to the SC submissions site.
A reminder that ACM these days requires both a camera-ready PDF file *and* a
complete, buildable source version of the paper be uploaded.

LaTeX users should be using the latest version (1.90) of the consolidated ACM
template with the "sigconf" option.  Please respect the default margins, font
sizes, interline spacing, etc.  Do not add page numbers to your paper.  Ensure
that all fonts are scalable (no Type 3 fonts) and embedded.

Do not forget to register to attend the workshop through the SC23 website
(https://sc23.supercomputing.org/attend/registration/).

Thank you for your submission and do not hesitate to contact us should you have
any questions,


Balazs Gerofi           Intel Corporation, USA
John Shalf              Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, USA
Christian Pinto         IBM Research Europe, Ireland


FULL_REVIEWS

